[ETERNITY DEVIL chuckling]
[AKI groans]
[DENJI] I can't believe
you covered me.
Mind your own business
next time, dickhead.
I'm through owing
anybody anything.
No more debts for me.
Once you're outta here,
you 'n' me are even-steven!
[ETERNITY DEVIL cackling]
[KOBENI]
He did it.
[ETERNITY DEVIL cackling]
[DENJI yelling]
[gasps]
[DENJI]
You want some?
[DENJI grunting]
Ha! I knew you were alive,
Chainsaw! I just knew it!
[DENJI groaning]
[DENJI screaming]
[DENJI]
All better!
[ETERNITY DEVIL] Your endeavor
is completely meaningless!
[ETERNITY DEVIL screams]
[ETERNITY DEVIL]
You won't find my heart
no matter where you slice!
You can't kill me!
[DENJI]
Watch me!
[gasps]
He's a devil?
[POWER]
This does not bode well.
[HIMENO gasps]
He's paying little mind
to his blood loss.
His chainsaws require blood
to work, or they retract.
[DENJI groans]
Is it just me, or are you even
weaker than you were before?
How far you have
fallen, Chainsaw!
[DENJI screams]
[DENJI screaming]
My chainsaws went in on me!
I need more blood!
You need to accept that
you failed!
And die!
[DENJI screams]
[ETERNITY DEVIL screams]
[ETERNITY DEVIL groans]
Your blood might be the grossest
thing I've ever swallowed.
But hearin' your shrieks and
seein' you bent all outta shape
makes this shit as sweet
as strawberry jam!
[DENJI cackles]
[KISHIBE] Know the kind of
hunters a devil fears most?
Ones with a few screws loose
and no screwdriver.
[KISHIBE]
Sahara's sanity was his demise.
Head was on too straight.
Same goes for Kinouchi,
and Subaru, and Sasaki.
They were all reasonable enough
to be afraid when devils struck.
Every devil they faced
was stronger because of it.
You've worked with
Aki long enough
to form an opinion of him, yeah?
Head on straight?
Well, he has it out
for you know what.
No sane person is after the Gun.
Could've sworn you
joined Public Safety
so you'd have a shot at
killin' that thing, too.
You sayin' you got some
screws loose up there?
No, sir, I'm not.
Exactly. Most hunters dream
of finding the Gun Devil
and personally dismantling it,
and you're no exception.
They're earnest. Honest.
Straightforward.
Which means devils know
just how to fuck with them.
Hunters who are
off their rockers
leave 'em guessing, though,
and they aren't fans of that.
Like us, devils have a fear of
anything they don't understand.
Master, you're
drinking too much.
There you go being sensible.
Knock your screws loose
every day to be unhinged.
[KISHIBE sighs]
[KISHIBE] Safe to assume
yours are in tight if you're
visiting your partners'
graves every month.
I'm headed home.
Aki's still a punk,
so make sure to train 'im up.
One step at a time, sir.
[KISHIBE] You can't
take your time, though.
The kid's serious about
following that trail of
meat chunks, ain't he?
Eventually, he's gonna
make it to the Gun.
[HIMENO] No. No, no, no,
no, no, no, no, no, no, no--!
[gasps]
[HIMENO]
No.
I've been thinkin',
what if you and I
became private sector hunters?
I already got an offer,
and it's pretty good pay.
Plus, the best perk is
no wild Gun chase!
We could go out for lunch
whenever we wanted.
Catch a movie
after work sometimes.
Really enjoy ourselves
for a change.
[AKI] I'll get drinks with you
as often as you want.
But I've no intent of
going private at all.
And I'm taking your almond tofu.
Fine. I'll trade it
for a cigarette.
[HIMENO] If Aki actually
fights the Gun Devil,
his death's a guarantee.
Not because we aren't
strong enough to take it on,
or because that
monster is capable of
killing hundreds in an instant.
It's because Aki's cool,
and serious, and kind,
and normal, like most people.
But...
[DENJI yells]
Take this!
[DENJI groans]
There.
It is done.
[HIMENO]
But this guy right here?
Dude, eureka!
Fountains of blood explode
from you with every slice.
I chug it like it's soda
and I'm good as new!
I could do this
for fucking ever!
With such a dope concept,
that Nobel Prize is mine!
[DENJI cackles]
[HIMENO] His screws aren't
just loose. They fell out.
He might really be able
to kill that damn Gun!
[DENJI grunting, cackling]
[ETERNITY DEVIL groaning]
[sighs]
Aki, you didn't
die on me, did ya?
Nope, not yet.
How long have we been
stuck here, anyway?
Since you got stabbed, it's been
about three days, I think?
[POWER]
Meowy.
[HIMENO]
It's all but over,
so let's grab some drinks
when we get out.
For now, I'm gonna
grab a little shuteye.
It's really over?
[ETERNITY DEVIL groaning]
[ETERNITY DEVIL]
I can't take any more pain.
This is my heart,
ergo my weakness.
Please, hurry up and kill me.
--I'm sorry.
--Kill me and end my suffering.
What? You're quittin' already?
I was havin' fun
splashin' round this bloodbath
like a kid in a pool!
[DENJI grunts]
[DENJI]
We made it.
And we're walkin' away with
a piece of the Gun Devil.
The sky's clear.
Feels like I just took
a giant shit or something.
Floatin' on air with every step.
[HIMENO]
Easy.
He's out.
I'd be wiped, too, if I fought
for three days without sleep.
They need a hospital, stat,
so we'll make sure that
they both get to one.
You two head back to the office
and report what went down.
Newbie welcome party, huh?
[HIMENO] Yep. The members
of Division Four
should get to know each other.
We're a fully assembled group.
So let's tackle our latest fix
while bonding as a team.
What fix?
[HIMENO]
Haven't you heard?
Arai and Kobeni have said
they're gonna
ditch Public Safety.
Not only are they more
petrified of devils than ever,
they've got a bucket
load of guilt
for trying to kill
their teammate, too.
[AKI] For a minute, you were
also on Team Kill Denji.
Right? They're sensitive enough
to quit over the
most trivial thing!
I'm on team "Kill the Shame
and Live Bolder" now.
But, yeah. Apologizing to Denji
and talking the other
two into staying
will both be easier
if done over drinks.
Or you just wanna get wasted.
[chuckles]
[AKI] Though it's tiny,
I found a Gun chunk.
As for your party idea,
it has to be this week.
Huh? Um. Why?
If I'm gonna go out,
then I wanna invite Miss Makima.
She'll be on a business trip
to Kyoto next week.
Denji is a target
for a lot of devils,
so she's procuring some backup.
Let's do this party thing
before she goes.
Be honest with me.
What do you think Denji is?
Never seen anything
even remotely close
to his chainsaw form,
but that devil
seemed to recognize it.
Then the biggest mystery of all.
Why does somebody
like Miss Makima
give a damn about this boy?
Think for a sec.
She usually likes to travel, but
she's stayed in Tokyo lately.
It's because Denji's here, yeah?
So, has she cracked his code
and learned all
his secrets, or what?
Shall we get her hammered
and ask for details?
[ALL]
Cheers!
[DENJI] Man, this whole
spread smells awesome!
I mean, there's enough here to
last me five entire lifetimes!
[AGENT A]
Oh, here we go.
[DENJI] This is nuts!
Where do I even start?
[FUSHI, AKI sigh]
Oh that's good. Haven't had
a drink in six months.
That a fact?
Don't really go out,
but I'll drink at home.
Away with you!
The sashimi shall all be mine!
Whatever this is,
it looks real good!
[KOBENI] Sorry. Would've been
here sooner, but I got lost.
Ay, you made it.
Sit by me, Kobe.
Oh, that reminds me, guys.
Miss Makima'll be late, too.
Let's get parfaits along with
dumpling trays. Three of each.
Oh, wow, that's good!
Never had something so tasty.
Right, because you give most of
your paycheck to your family.
Eat your fill, okay?
[POWER]
Not off my plate!
The chicken's mine and
mine alone, scoundrel!
Fiends were invited as well,
so why didn't you
bring your partner?
I think they're a little
too scary for this joint.
I'm jealous of
how tactful yours is.
Must be nice to have
a smart Fiend.
Go on. Get whatever you want
and put some meat
on those young bones!
I sure would like to,
but I can't read most of this.
So, uh, about that
kissing reward.
Hmm? Ohh.
I'm too shy and sober
to kiss you right now.
But I'll do it when I'm drunker?
I'll be sure to make it
extra juicy and intense!
So please forgive us for trying
to feed you to that
stupid ol' devil.
All is forgiven,
like, majorly! You're good!
It's a welcome party,
so let's have the rookies
stand up and
introduce themselves.
State your name, age, and what
devils you've contracted!
Cool, except no one should say
what devils they've
contracted with.
Only reveal your hand
to those you trust,
and don't do so in public.
[AGENT A] Jeez, you ever take
that stick outta your ass?
[HIMENO] Relax! It's fine!
Aren't we all friends?
Ooh. I wanna know
their hobbies, too.
Those can tell you
a lot about a person.
All right, well, I'm Denji,
and I'm pretty sure I'm 16.
As for hobbies,
I like eating and naps!
Sixteen? That's young.
What've you been drinking
this whole time?
Just tea.
Hi, my name is Hirokazu Arai,
and I'm 22!
My contract is with the Fox
Devil, and I write haikus!
Ain't that the same devil
Hayakaptain's pals with?
The Fox Devil is very
companionable with humankind.
As such, it's formed many
contracts with hunters.
'Cept the fox is also
a sucker for a pretty face,
and it won't let
anyone use its head
unless it thinks
they're super hot!
I'm Kobeni Higashiyama.
Twenty years old.
The devil I have
a contract with is secret.
And my hobby is finding
and eating yummy things.
Isn't her outfit cute?
Yeah.
It's a hand-me-down
from my older sister.
Wait a minute here.
Where the heck is
Fushi's rookie at?
Unfortunately, they were
killed yesterday.
[HIMENO]
Welp, only the young die good!
They'll be missed
and pissed. R. I. Pissed?
Whatever you "R,"
it isn't sober.
Do new recruits really
die so easily?
Public Safety gets
all the threats
too tough for civilian hunters.
Yep. Always droppin' like flies.
I'm the only one who's left
from my orientation group.
The power of kisses
keeps Denji going,
so we know he won't die!
Right!
Himeno gets really friendly
when she's drunk.
Oh, yeah?
Yeah, and apart from
you greenhorns,
I think she's kissed
everyone here.
There's no escaping her.
[DENJI]
Then it's in the bag!
[sighs]
Oh my god.
Today, I am gonna get
my first kiss ever.
--Kiss?
--[DENJI gasps]
Miss Makima!
Pardon me. One draft beer,
when you get a chance.
Please, have a seat. I insist.
I've never seen Miss Makima
in the flesh before.
Denji, are you going to
kiss somebody?
Oh, hell no!
What a shame. You don't
wanna kish me anymore?
Hell, yeah!
[POWER giggling]
Excuse me, sir.
Another round for me.
So who's kissing who now?
[DENJI] I don't want
Miss Makima to see me
makin' out with Himeno.
Canoodling is out for you?
[DENJI]
But, on the other hand,
I really want that kiss
with tongue just as bad!
I'll hafta try and
change the subject for now!
Hey, um! Guess what?
I found a chunky
thinga-ma-bobber
and snatched it up!
[MAKIMA]
I heard. Wonderfully done.
Keep up the great work, Denji.
Since we're on the topic
of the Gun Devil,
more devils with its flesh have
been cropping up as of late.
And our most recent foe
expressly wanted Denji.
Can't be mere coincidence.
Something has to be
going on here.
Somehow, Denji is at
the crux of it,
and you know precisely why
that is, don't you, ma'am?
[POWER]
Relinquish that!
That, too, 'tis mine!
If you manage to outdrink me,
then I'll tell you.
Excuse me, sir.
Two more beers, please.
[HIMENO giggles]
Hey! Why not make it three?
I'm playing the game, too!
More! More horse meat
and chicken!
Fried chicken!
[giggles]
[POWER]
I claim that as well.
Excuse me. I'll take
another beer, please.
[LADY AGENT A] I'm still
in disbelief, Power.
Not many Fiends suppress
their homicidal desires,
but you do it with ease.
My excellent IQ is to
thank for that marvel.
Your urge to kill is
determined by your IQ?
Then just how advanced is yours?
[POWER]
Um, one hundred?
[LADY AGENT A]
Is that really so high?
I think I may have scored
around a hundred.
'Tis 120, then.
[LADY AGENT A] Fushi's also
got a high IQ. Doncha?
Specifically, 134.
[LADY AGENT A]
You're a little too proud if you
remember it so well.
Mine's somewhere between
500 and a thousand. Yes!
You okay?
Oh, my.
[LADY AGENT A]
All right.
[POWER laughs]
[DENJI] She's watching!
And she has a front row seat!
Hang on. Is that
her tongue I'm feeling?
Feels good. It's so soft!
What the hell?
Her tongue.
It's melting in my mouth!
Wait. I think that's--!
Puke!
[laughs]
Well, that's gonna
leave some trauma.
Oh, gracious.
Could we get a towel over here?
Or anything to wipe this up?
Just watch!
This entire fiasco is
about to get way worse!
If it holds nutritional value
and enters his mouth,
he's prone to swallow
no matter what!
[POWER laughing]
[DENJI] This looks edible!
Dinner is served!
[DENJI laughs]
Check it out, Pochita!
Gross! They're just chowin' down
on some drunk's puke!
Never mind how it didn't agree
with someone else's stomach!
As a fellow mammal,
I feel sorry for 'em!
[DENJI retching]
Unbelievable.
Himeno has no self-restraint,
huh? None at all.
I'm glad my method's
helping you.
Picked it up taking
care of my mom
when she'd come home
after work, drunk.
Although, I'd much
rather my talents
be related to Devil
Hunting, like yours.
I'm pretty envious.
[DENJI] You think you wanna be
in my shoes? Seriously?
I waited 16 years
for my first kiss,
only for it to taste like b--
[DENJI retches]
True.
--[DENJI retching]
--[ARAI chuckles]
[MAKIMA] I'll escort
the Hayakawa trio home.
And then we'll have
Arai look after Himeno.
Hey, guys, don't forget
to thank Miss Makima.
She covered the whole tab!
The best tasting alcohol, to me,
is the kind
someone else paid for.
Right?
[gasps] Hold on.
Where'd Denji go?
He's with Himeno.
She scooped him up and carried
'im piggyback style somewhere.
[DENJI]
It's dark. Too dark.
Where am I, anyway?
Water. I need water.
[DENJI]
Wait, that's right!
I got barf kissed by
Princess Pukes-a-lot.
Damn it! I really
need some water!
That's weird.
Why is Den-Den-Denji here?
This is my place, silly boy.
Oh. You might be here
because I brought you.
I'm not sure.
The room's spinning.
What the hell's going on?
Oh, sweet Denji.
You're crazy about
Miss Makima, aren'tchoo?
Dude. I'm so dizzy.
You could do a million times
better than that selfish bitch.
Open your eyes! Aki, too!
Give up and stop
fawning over her!
Move on.
Moo, like cows!
[laughs]
[HIMENO]
Wanna do it?